Add info about testing entitlements (#1341)
replicatedhq/replicated-docs: docs/reference/replicated-sdk-apis.md

> ### Revoke Access at Runtime When a License Expires        

Author: Not sure why it's highlighted like this 🤷‍♀️

> You can use the Replicated SDK API `/api/v1/license/fields/{field_name}` endpoint to revoke a customer's access to your application during runtime when their license expires.

Reviewer: Did you mean to use the `expires_at` license field? If so, it's a bit ambiguous because that endpoint isn't used to revoke the customer's access, it's used to retrieve the current expiration date for the customer's license. The vendor's app can then potentially use that information to disable certain features or revoke access to the application if they choose to.
```suggestion
You can use the Replicated SDK API `/api/v1/license/fields/expires_at` endpoint to revoke a customer's access to your application during runtime when their license expires.
```

Reviewer: Just saw the detailed information below that mentions what I exactly just did 🤦. Resolving.

To revoke access to your application when a license expires:

1. In the vendor portal, click **Customers**. Select the target customer and click the **Customer details** tab. Alternatively, click **+ Create customer** to create a new customer.

1. Under **Expiration policy**:

   1. Enable **Customer's license has an expiration date**.

   1. For **When does this customer expire?**, use the calendar to set an expiration date for the license.

  <img alt="expiration policy field in the customer details page" src="/images/customer-expiration-policy.png" width="500px"/>

  [View a larger version of this image](/images/customer-expiration-policy.png)

> 1. Install the SDK as a standalone component in a cluster so that you can develop against the SDK API locally. See [Developing Against the SDK API](/vendor/replicated-sdk-development).

Author: Updated this example procedure to tell them to use integration mode. Since it's a pretty lightweight example, I just left out any mention of testing a product-like scenario.

**Note**: I'm also not entirely sure if the examples on this page are the _most_ useful examples anyway, so we could also just remove them for now until we are able to write something better.

Author: Great idea

    ```bash
    curl replicated-sdk:3000/api/v1/license/fields/expires_at
    ```

    **Example response**:

    ```json
    {
      "name": "expires_at",
      "title": "Expiration",
      "description": "License Expiration",
      "value": "2023-05-30T00:00:00Z",
      "valueType": "String",
      "signature": {
        "v1": "c6rsImpilJhW0eK+Kk37jeRQvBpvWgJeXK2M..."
      }
    }
    ```

> 1. Add logic to your application to revoke access if the current date and time matches the expiration date of the license.

Reviewer: How about this?
```suggestion
1. Add logic to your application to revoke access if the current date and time is more recent than the expiration date of the license.
```

1. Use signature verification in your application to ensure the integrity of the license field. See [Verifying License Field Signatures](/vendor/licenses-verify-fields-sdk-api).

> 1. To test your changes, create a new release and promote it to a development channel, such as Unstable. Install the release in a development environment using the license ID for the customer that you created or edited. For more information, see [Installing with Helm](/vendor/install-with-helm).

Reviewer: I assume this is for an actual production-like install test? Because in integration mode, you can test against this API endpoint without having to create or promote releases.

Reviewer: Actually, even in a production install, license fields and information don't require a new release to be created / promoted. The SDK will just return the current data from the vendor portal when the vendor's application queries for it again.

Reviewer: > And the reason I was thinking they'd need to promote a new release is because the step tells them to add logic to their app for the entitlement checks

That shouldn't be the case in integration mode. They can make changes to their app in their development environment (e.g. okteto, skaffold, etc...) without having to create a replicated release, and then test those changes against the SDK instances that's running in integration mode in their dev env.

Author: >That shouldn't be the case in integration mode.

And to confirm, it would be the case outside of integration mode, right?
